c:\users\matt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GrangeScoreCard\GrangeScoreCard\bin\Debug\GrangeScoreCard.exe.config
c:\users\matt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GrangeScoreCard\GrangeScoreCard\bin\Debug\GrangeScoreCard.exe
c:\users\matt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GrangeScoreCard\GrangeScoreCard\bin\Debug\GrangeScoreCard.pdb
c:\users\matt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GrangeScoreCard\GrangeScoreCard\bin\Debug\GrangeClasses.dll
c:\users\matt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GrangeScoreCard\GrangeScoreCard\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.dll
c:\users\matt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GrangeScoreCard\GrangeScoreCard\bin\Debug\GrangeClasses.pdb
c:\users\matt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GrangeScoreCard\GrangeScoreCard\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.xml
c:\users\matt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GrangeScoreCard\GrangeScoreCard\obj\Debug\GrangeScoreCard.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\matt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GrangeScoreCard\GrangeScoreCard\obj\Debug\GrangeScoreCard.csproj.ResolveComReference.cache
c:\users\matt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GrangeScoreCard\GrangeScoreCard\obj\Debug\GrangeScoreCard.GrangeForm.resources
c:\users\matt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GrangeScoreCard\GrangeScoreCard\obj\Debug\GrangeScoreCard.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\matt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GrangeScoreCard\GrangeScoreCard\obj\Debug\GrangeScoreCard.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\matt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GrangeScoreCard\GrangeScoreCard\obj\Debug\GrangeScoreCard.exe
c:\users\matt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GrangeScoreCard\GrangeScoreCard\obj\Debug\GrangeScoreCard.pdb
c:\users\matt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GrangeScoreCard\GrangeScoreCard\obj\Debug\GrangeScoreCard.AdminView.resources
C:\Users\Matt\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GrangeScoreCard\GrangeScoreCard\obj\Debug\GrangeScoreCard.GrangeSplash.resources
C:\Users\Matt\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GrangeScoreCard\GrangeScoreCard\obj\Debug\GrangeScoreCard.IndividualStats.resources
C:\Users\Matt\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GrangeScoreCard\GrangeScoreCard\bin\Debug\GrangeScoreCard.exe.manifest
C:\Users\Matt\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GrangeScoreCard\GrangeScoreCard\bin\Debug\GrangeScoreCard.application
C:\Users\Matt\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GrangeScoreCard\GrangeScoreCard\obj\Debug\GrangeScoreCard.exe.manifest
C:\Users\Matt\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GrangeScoreCard\GrangeScoreCard\obj\Debug\GrangeScoreCard.application
C:\Users\Matt\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GrangeScoreCard\GrangeScoreCard\bin\Debug\ICSharpCode.SharpZipLib.dll
